antd theme related changes, bump v4 to v5 (#3823)
rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form: packages/docs/docs/api-reference/themes/antd/uiSchema.md

- `descriptionLocation`: Where to display the description, either 'below' or 'tooltip', defaults to 'below'
- `readonlyAsDisabled`: Whether to make the antd theme treat readOnly fields as disabled, defaults to true

## Using Antd v5 theme

You can use AntD v5 styling by wrapping your application with `StyleProvider` from `@ant-design/cssinjs`.

> By default, @rjsf/antd components are having v4 styling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `@rjsf/antd` components are using the v4 styling.
```
